Education is the most important weapon, which can be used to change the world. There is no particular age limit to learn something new, we can keep learning till end and keep earning the knowledge. We learn something to get the knowledge out of it and not to boost the ego to show superiority in front of others. Respect the knowledge, it will take you to a level ahead in your life. Never limit yourself with what you have, the more you discuss the more you earn. This will only help you to get more and more about different things. You are always surrounded by a group of people, friends or whatsoever, they may or may not be of same educational background or traditional or work as of you, they will be aware of something that you may not know or you may have something good to share which they think might help and this is possible is you start a conversation and discuss amongst yourself. This will make everyone share what they know and also learn new things at the same time. Elderly are always treated as people of high knowledge or wise people even though they don't acquire a degree and the reason is the experience and knowledge about most of the things they have come through their life, our own parents will have so much to share about different things which they used to see in a different way as compared to that of the world it sees now. Discussing with them will help us learn something new, it may be your own tradition or way of living, the art of living and so on, start now. Ratan was not anxious to give up the freedom he found in America, but he did want to get out of the cold, which he never did get used to, complaining that he couldn't ever feel warm enough. Vowing that he would never live in a cold climate again, he left Ithaca as soon as his coursework was completed, but instead of returning to India, he headed out to Los Angeles, where he moved to an apartment complex, complete with swimming pool. He intended to use his architecture degree to get a job in the area and, eventually. 
