A democratic country needs effective leadership to lead its citizens to new heights and horizons. Effective leadership helps our nation during times of difficulties. It makes a business organization successful. It enables a nongovernmental organization to fulfil its mission. It fulfils the goal of social work. The effective leadership and guidance from parents enable children to develop their personality. The absence of leadership affects the functioning of any organisation. Without proper leadership, organizations move slowly, stagnate, and lose their way. The absence or failure of leadership may lead to ineffective decision making. A social worker can't perform effectively without leadership skills. Leadership is a process whereby an individual influences a group of individuals to achieve a common goal. It is a process by which a person influences the thoughts, attitudes, and behaviour of others. According to John Newstrom and Keith Davis leadership is the process of influencing and supporting others to work enthusiastically towards achieving objectives. It is a process whereby one individual influences other group members toward the attainment of defined group or organizational goals. Leaders set a direction for the rest of the people; they help others see what lies ahead; visualize what to achieve; encourage and inspire others. Leadership is the ability to get other people to do something significant and energize people towards a goal. It influences a group of individuals to achieve a common goal. It contributes for the success of an individual, group or organization. It transforms policies into action.It utilizes the potential in an organization and its people. So we can see that leadership is a major way in which people change the minds of others and move organizations forward to accomplish identified goals. A leader can be defined as a person who is able to get others to follow willingly. Leader is a person committed to the organization and the people who work together to accomplish the organization's vision and mission.  