Tourism has emerged as the world's largest industry. Growing rapidly in the last two decades, today it accounts for six per cent of world output and employs some Hundred million people around the globe. Since the end of the Second World War, it has developed immense revenue and development potential and stands today as a unique natural renewable resource industry. Tourism-the travel based recreation provides people with a change of place and a break from the monotony of daily life. It brings peoples of different nations together, allowing them to come into close contact with each other's customs and other aspects of life. It reveals the scenic beauty and past heritage of a country to people belonging to other nations. The knowledge and experience gained in the process can lead to greater understanding and tolerance, and can even foster world peace. The contribution of tourism can be nowhere seen more clearly than on the economic front. A study conducted by the United Nations has shown that developing countries, in particular, can reap handsome benefits out of tourism which greatly boosts national income. Tourism generates employment, and adds to the entrepreneurial wealth of a nation. While tourism’s advantages are many, its undesirable side-effects have raised fresh problems. Tourism can cause social, cultural or environmental disruption. Of the greatest concern is its damage to the environment. In order to attract more tourists, sprawling resorts are built which take neither the local architectural styles nor the ecology into consideration. Natural system come to be destroyed as a result of indiscriminate construction to provide water and waste disposal facilities and recreational arrangements to tourists. Overuse of environmental wealth disturbs the ecological balance. Damage is most in wildlife parks which remain the foremost sites of tourists attraction. Tourist vans and the visitors' feet the ground vegetation, thus affecting the feeding habits of the animals and the landscape as well. 