Today, group life faces several challenges due to the development of technology and materialistic outlook. Many, though live among thousands yet feel alone. Values of happy life such as love, affection, empathy, friendliness etc. are becoming rare commodity today. Social group work, that is based on these values may be of a great help to the modern man. Urbanization has increased the problem of isolation and separation. The feeling of separation is gradually increasing. Many are considering themselves as helpless and are limited to their close circles. Thus its result may be seen in the form of increased mental tension. Social group work attempts to deal with the problem of isolation. Every human being has the basic desire of having importance, worth, respect and a place in the society. Social group work keeps the members busy by providing them worth, dignity, place, role, and creative participation. Modern age affects our adaptation abilities. Old techniques are not as suitable as those were in the past. Man has to learn new techniques of behaviour for the proper adjustment and survival in the various fields of life. Social group work provides this knowledge. Social group work provides a new hope to the physically challenged, differently abled, aged, alcoholics and the chronicically ill. Social group work helps to achieve democratic goals such as liberty, equality, fraternity and social justice. It provides recreation, the most valuable medicine for keeping oneself mentally healthy. Human capacities and abilities are strengthened through the group work. Social group work helps in solving psychological problems. It is evident that no individual can resist the influence of group life on them. The modern day studies reveal the importance of group experience on personality development. Hence in social group work, the method of social work treats group as a client and makes use of group experience as a means to realize social work goals. It can be effectively used for promotive, preventive, therapeutic, and rehabilitative purposes.